Jenny: Guy tries to teach his roommate Aria some basic household skills. But she seems to have some trouble getting the hang of it.

Guy:: Hey Aria, since we're roommates now I thought I could teach you some basics around the house. Things like doing laundry and washing dishes. What do you think?

Aria:: Oh wow, Guy. That would be great! I'm pretty clueless when it comes to chores. My parents always did everything for me growing up. Where should we start?

Guy:: No problem, happy to help out. Let's start with something simple - doing the laundry. First, you want to separate your clothes into lights and darks. Lights are white or light-colored. Darks are dark colors that might bleed dye when washed together with lights.

Aria:: Okay, I think I've got the hang of separating them. What's next? 

Guy:: Great. Now you want to check pockets for tissues or other items that could mess up the wash. Also, zip zippers and hook bras so they don't snag on other clothes.

Aria:: Got it. Check pockets and zip up zippers. Then what?

Guy:: Next you want to choose the right settings on the machine. For most loads, a normal or permanent press cycle works fine. And use cold water for lights, warm or hot for darks and towels.

Aria:: Wait, so cold water for lights but warm for darks? This is getting complicated!

Guy:: Haha, don't worry you'll get the hang of it. Next is adding detergent - about two tablespoons is plenty for a normal load. Oh, and don't overload the machine - leave some room for clothes to move around.

Aria:: Detergent, not too full. Check. Then I just turn it on? 

Guy:: Yup! Let it wash, then put everything in the dryer on a low heat setting. Take clothes out right away when done so they don't wrinkle. And that's it - you've done laundry!

Aria:: Wow, that was a lot to remember. But I think I've got it. Maybe I could try it on my own next time?

Guy:: Sure, give it a shot! I know you can do it. Just let me know if you have any questions. We can tackle other chores like washing dishes next.

Aria:: Dishes?! I don't even know where to start. But okay, one step at a time! Thanks for the lesson, Guy!