Jenny:: Guy and Aria are having a debate about work pressure in their office. 

Guy:: I'm completely overwhelmed with the workload lately. There are not enough hours in the day to get everything done.

Aria:: I know it's been busy, but we just need to prioritize and manage our time better. The workload won't decrease so we have to find ways to cope. 

Guy:: It's easy for you to say that. You don't have as many responsibilities as I do. I have to stay late every day just to keep up.

Aria:: We all have a lot on our plates. You're not the only one working long hours. We need to support each other.

Guy:: I wish it was that simple. I'm drowning in work and feel totally burnt out. The company doesn't care about overworking us.

Aria:: I get that you're stressed. But we have to set boundaries and learn to say no sometimes. Our health should come first. 

Guy:: How can I say no when there are deadlines to meet? The work has to get done one way or another. 

Aria:: Deadlines are important but so is maintaining a good work-life balance. Maybe we could talk to the manager about redistributing some tasks.

Guy:: No way, the manager would never go for that. We just have to suck it up and put in the hours. I don't have a choice.

Aria:: Of course you have a choice. Stand up for yourself! We deserve a manageable workload. Things won't improve otherwise.

Guy:: Look, I hear what you're saying, but it's easier said than done. I need this job so I can't push back too much.

Aria:: I'm not suggesting anything radical, just small changes to set healthy boundaries. Your mental health will suffer if this goes on. 

Guy:: I know, you have a point. I just feel trapped and don't know how to deal with it. Maybe we can strategize some solutions together. 

Aria:: Yes, let's work together on this. If we approach it as a team, I'm sure we can come up with some ideas to improve the situation. The first step is open communication.

Guy:: You're right, talking through it is important. I'm glad we had this discussion - it's helped me see things from a different perspective. Appreciate you lending an ear and the support.

Aria:: Anytime! We're in this together. I'm happy we see eye to eye. If the workload stays reasonable, work will be much more enjoyable.