Jenny: Guy and Aria are discussing their plans for the upcoming weekend at home.

Guy:: Hi Aria! Do you have any plans for this weekend? I'm thinking of doing something fun.

Aria:: Not really, I'm free this weekend. Did you have anything in mind? A movie or going to the park maybe?

Guy:: Hmm...I'm not too sure about a movie, I feel like doing something active. How about going hiking? There's some nice trails around here we could check out.

Aria:: That's a great idea! I'd love to go hiking, it's been a while. Which trail did you have in mind?

Guy:: I was thinking we could go to Mount Pleasant trail. I heard it has beautiful views at the summit. Does an early start on Saturday morning work for you? 

Aria:: Sure, Saturday morning sounds good! Should we pack a lunch or grab something on the way? I'm happy to make some sandwiches.

Guy:: Packed lunch is always nice. Your homemade sandwiches sound good! Let's plan to leave around 8am so we can take our time and enjoy the hike.

Aria:: Okay, 8am it is. I'll prepare some sandwiches and snacks the night before. Don't forget to pack sunscreen and your hat!

Guy:: For sure, I'll remember to pack all the essentials. This is going to be a nice break from our usual weekend routine. I'm looking forward to it!

Aria:: Me too! Getting some exercise outdoors will be rejuvenating. If the weather stays nice, maybe we could even go for a picnic at the summit. 

Guy:: That would be awesome! A relaxing picnic after the hike sounds just perfect. Let's keep our fingers crossed for sunshine. I can't wait to finalise the plans over the next few days.

Aria:: Me neither, this weekend is going to be great! Hiking with you is always the highlight of my week. Let's do this more often.

Guy:: I'm so glad you enjoy our hiking adventures too. It's really nice to explore new trails together. For sure, let's make an effort to do this every few weeks. 

Aria:: Yes, that would be great! It's a fun way for us to stay active and appreciate nature. I'm looking forward to many more hiking weekends with you!

Guy:: Me too, Aria! This weekend is going to be awesome.